Update docs for Functions page changes (#1468)
zeit/docs: components/references-mdx/api/v2/endpoints/logs.mdx

    }
  },
]`}</Code>

### Stream Serverless Function Logs

<Endpoint method="GET" url="/v2/now/deployments/:id/events?follow=1" />

> Open HTTP stream of realtime logs for a Serverless Function by it's name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open a HTTP stream of realtime logs for a Serverless Function by it's name.
```

Author: @msweeneydev Maybe "an HTTP"? 🤔

Reviewer: Definitely!

These are the keys of the `payload` key of the logs.

| Key              | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Description                                                                  |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **deploymentId** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">ID</HelpLink>           | The unique identifier of the deployment.                                     |
| **info**         | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Map</HelpLink>          | An object containing the `type`, `name`, and `entrypoint` of the deployment. |
| **text**         | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | The log content as a string.                                                 |
| **id**           | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">ID</HelpLink>           | The unique identifier of the log.                                            |
| **date**         | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Date</HelpLink>         | The date when the log was created.                                           |

#### Types

> These are the possible types of logs and what they mean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the available log types with an explanation of what they mean.
```

| Type         | Description                                           |
| ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| **request**  | The log is an HTTP request.                           |
| **response** | The log is an HTTP response.                          |
| **command**  | The log is a terminal command, e.g. `npm start`.      |
| **stdout**   | The log is anything the application wrote to console. |

##### Example Request

<Request
  url="https://api.zeit.co/v2/now/deployments/Cm6WigEH9EBI4Uzs2WA6qOGe/events?follow=1&name=team_nLlpyC6REAzxudGFKbrMDlud-5916ac0d61abdb050d45f579aaa77c70a7"
  auth
/>

### Fetch Failed Requests for Serverless Function

<Endpoint method="GET" url="/v2/now/deployments/:id/events" />

> Get failed request logs of a Serverless Function by it's name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the failed request logs of a Serverless Function by it's name.
```

#### Request Parameters

| Key            | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Description                                                       |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **statusCode** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | A string with an exact HTTP error code or it's mask: `500`, `5xx` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **statusCode** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | A string with an exact HTTP error code or it's mask: `500`, `5xx`. |
```

> | **name**       | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | Serverless Function's `functionName` property                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **name**       | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | Serverless Function's `functionName` property.                     |
```

These are the keys of the `payload` key of the logs.

| Key              | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Description                                                                  |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **deploymentId** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">ID</HelpLink>           | The unique identifier of the deployment.                                     |
| **info**         | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Map</HelpLink>          | An object containing the `type`, `name`, and `entrypoint` of the deployment. |
| **text**         | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | The log content as a string.                                                 |
| **id**           | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">ID</HelpLink>           | The unique identifier of the log.                                            |
| **date**         | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Date</HelpLink>         | The date when the log was created.                                           |

#### Types

> These are the possible types of logs and what they mean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the available log types with an explanation of what they mean.
```
